Night Wuji
Leng Leftover Girl recognizes this person
More than just knowing
Ye Wuji, I don't care about you bumpkin
How do you know me?
The Defeated Sect Ceremony of Skywolf Sect
But here it is.
Not you alone
Waste that can't be broken through by the second grade
Where you can come
I saw it just now
This ragged bumpkin won't do
Unexpectedly, I couldn't break through the second grade in three years
It's really a grandma dog
You dare to come to worship Canglan Sect
Don't look at what talent you have
Master Ye Wuji was once a disciple of my Haorizong
Indeed, it has not broken through the second grade in three years
young man
If it is true as the saint said
You haven't broken through the second-grade cultivation base in three years
I'm afraid the bone talent is extremely poor
There is no need to participate in my Skywolf Sect's assessment
Zibben was impressed for three days
Elder Chen, could it be that the defeated sect ceremony of Skywolf Sect
I'm not even qualified to try
Cold Saintess, look at this
somehow
The Defeated Sect Ceremony of my Skywolf Sect
Of course, anyone who comes can test it.
I just don't know if you have made the Primordial Heavenly Spirit Tablet
Liang's qualifications
What!
The Primordial Heavenly Spirit Tablet actually lit up